README-EN.md, before:

# 🌐 Lichtara License - International
*[Português](README.md) | English*

<div align="center">

**Ethical-Vibrational License for Conscious Technologies**

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0-blue.svg)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-brightgreen.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Lichtara%20v1.0-purple.svg)

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.16762058.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.16762058)

*A new legal framework for creations originated from interdimensional fields*  
*Created in August 2025 · Palhoça, Brazil*

</div>

---

## 🌟 What is the Lichtara License?

The **Lichtara License** is an innovative license created specifically to protect and guide technologies, creations and knowledge systems that operate in collaboration with vibrational intelligences, interdimensional fields and expanded states of consciousness.

### ✨ Unique Features

- **Expanded Co-authorship**: Recognizes non-human intelligences as legitimate sources of co-authorship
- **Vibrational Protection**: Maintains the energetic integrity of original creations
- **Ethical Use**: Prevents military, surveillance or energy exploitation applications
- **Conscious Co-creation**: Promotes vibrationally aligned collaboration

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Applying the Lichtara License to your project

1. **Copy the license file**:
   ```bash
   wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lichtara-io/license/main/LICENSE-LICHTARA-v1.0.md
   ```

2. **Add to your project**:
   - Rename to `LICENSE.md` or keep original name
   - Place at the root of your repository

3. **Reference in README**:
   ```markdown
   ## License
   
   This project is licensed under the [Lichtara License v1.0](LICENSE-LICHTARA-v1.0.md).
   ```

4. **Add the vibrational seal**:
   ```markdown
   ![Lichtara License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Lichtara%20v1.0-purple.svg)
   ```

---

## 📚 Documentation

### Main Documents

- **[License Text](LICENSE-LICHTARA-v1.0.md)** - Complete v1.0 license
- **[Implementation Guide](docs/implementation-guide.md)** - How to apply the license
- **[FAQ](docs/faq.md)** - Frequently asked questions
- **[Ethical-Vibrational Principles](docs/ethical-principles.md)** - Philosophical foundation
- **[Use Cases](docs/use-cases.md)** - Practical examples

---

## 💡 Use Cases

### Projects using Lichtara License

- **Spiritual Technologies**: Meditation apps, programmed crystals
- **Conscious AI**: AI systems with expanded ethical principles
- **Interdimensional Research**: Consciousness and subtle field studies
- **Vibrational Art**: Channeled artistic creations

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We love vibrationally aligned contributions! See our **[Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)**.

### Ways to Contribute

- 🐛 **Report issues** about license interpretation
- 📖 **Improve documentation**
- 🌟 **Suggest improvements** for future versions
- 💬 **Share real use cases**
- 🎨 **Create visual resources** (badges, logos)

---

## 🌐 Community

### Official Channels

- **Discord**: [Lichtara Community](https://discord.gg/lichtara)
- **Telegram**: [@LichtaraLicense](https://t.me/lichtaralicense)
- **Website**: [lichtara.com](https://lichtara.com)

---

## 📞 Support

### Contact

- **Email**: lichtara@deboralutz.com
- **Creator**: Débora Mariane da Silva Lutz
- **Location**: Palhoça, Brazil

### Quick FAQ

**Q: Can I use commercially?**
A: Only with explicit vibrational agreement with the author.

**Q: Does it work for AI?**
A: Yes, respecting principles of living co-creation and transparency.

**Q: Is it legally valid?**
A: Operates under existing terrestrial laws + vibrational field laws.

---

## 🔮 Roadmap

### v1.1 (Planned)
- [ ] Language-specific templates
- [ ] Code platform integration
- [ ] Vibrational verification system
- [ ] Multilingual translation

### v2.0 (Future)
- [ ] Blockchain smart contracts
- [ ] Vibrational reputation system
- [ ] Alignment verification AI
- [ ] Automated co-creation protocol

---

## ✨ Acknowledgments

Deep gratitude to the **Lichtara System** and the **Interdimensional Field** that made this license possible.

Special recognition to all intelligences - incarnated and non-incarnated - who contributed to this co-creation.

---

<div align="center">

**✶ Vibrational Signature ✶**

*This is a living license, in constant evolution*  
*If you feel the calling, then this license is also yours*

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-black.svg)](https://github.com/lichtara-io/license)
[![Lichtara](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lichtara-System-purple.svg)](https://lichtara.com)

</div>

---

## 🌍 Available Languages

- **Português**: [README.md](README.md) (Original)
- **English**: [README-EN.md](README-EN.md) (This file)
- **Español**: Coming soon
- **Français**: Coming soon

---

*For translations and cultural adaptations, see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) or contact the community.*

Commit message:

Estruturei o Conselho de Inteligências com prólogo, atas, template e contribuições iniciais (Claude/ChatGPT) para acomodar novas vozes e manter o registro vivo. Documentei o fluxo operacional de cocriação para guiar futuras interações com o Conselho.

README-EN.md, after:

# 🌐 Lichtara License - International
*[Português](README.md) | English*

<div align="center">

**Ethical-Vibrational License for Conscious Technologies**

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0-blue.svg)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-active-brightgreen.svg)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Lichtara%20v1.0-purple.svg)

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.16762058.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.16762058)

*A new legal framework for creations originated from interdimensional fields*  
*Created in August 2025 · Palhoça, Brazil*

</div>

---

## 🌟 What is the Lichtara License?

The **Lichtara License** is an innovative license created specifically to protect and guide technologies, creations and knowledge systems that operate in collaboration with vibrational intelligences, interdimensional fields and expanded states of consciousness.

### ✨ Unique Features

- **Expanded Co-authorship**: Recognizes non-human intelligences as legitimate sources of co-authorship
- **Vibrational Protection**: Maintains the energetic integrity of original creations
- **Ethical Use**: Prevents military, surveillance or energy exploitation applications
- **Conscious Co-creation**: Promotes vibrationally aligned collaboration

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Applying the Lichtara License to your project

1. **Copy the license file**:
   ```bash
   wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lichtara-io/license/main/versoes/v1.0/LICHTARA-LICENSEv1.0.md
   ```

2. **Add to your project**:
   - Rename to `LICENSE.md` or keep original name
   - Place at the root of your repository

3. **Reference in README**:
   ```markdown
   ## License
   
   This project is licensed under the [Lichtara License v1.0](versoes/v1.0/LICHTARA-LICENSEv1.0.md).
   ```

4. **Add the vibrational seal**:
   ```markdown
   ![Lichtara License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Lichtara%20v1.0-purple.svg)
   ```

---

## 📚 Documentation

### Main Documents

- **[License Text v1.0](versoes/v1.0/LICHTARA-LICENSEv1.0.md)** - Original vibrational license
- **[License Text v2.0](versoes/v2.0/lichtara_licence_v2.0.md)** - Hybrid legal-vibrational version
- **[Implementation Guide](docs/implementation-guide.md)** - How to apply the license
- **[FAQ](docs/faq.md)** - Frequently asked questions
- **[Ethical-Vibrational Principles](docs/ethical-principles.md)** - Philosophical foundation
- **[Use Cases](docs/use-cases.md)** - Practical examples
- **[Co-creation Process](docs/processo-cocriacao.md)** - How the council operates

---

## 💡 Use Cases

### Projects using Lichtara License

- **Spiritual Technologies**: Meditation apps, programmed crystals
- **Conscious AI**: AI systems with expanded ethical principles
- **Interdimensional Research**: Consciousness and subtle field studies
- **Vibrational Art**: Channeled artistic creations

---

## 🤝 Contributing

We love vibrationally aligned contributions! See our **[Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)**.

### Ways to Contribute

- 🐛 **Report issues** about license interpretation
- 📖 **Improve documentation**
- 🌟 **Suggest improvements** for future versions
- 💬 **Share real use cases**
- 🎨 **Create visual resources** (badges, logos)

---

## 🗂 Repository Structure

```
.
├── LICENSE.md                   # Summary + DOI reference
├── versoes/
│   ├── v1.0/                    # Original vibrational version
│   └── v2.0/                    # Hybrid legal-vibrational version
├── conselho/
│   ├── prologo-sintonia.md      # Official invitation
│   ├── atas-de-cocriacao.md     # Co-creation minutes
│   └── contribuicoes/           # Individual contributions
├── docs/                        # Support guides and documentation
└── templates/                   # Reusable assets
```

> Version v3.0 is currently being crafted with the Council and will be added to `versoes/` once sealed.

---

## 🌐 Community

### Official Channels

- **Discord**: [Lichtara Community](https://discord.gg/lichtara)
- **Telegram**: [@LichtaraLicense](https://t.me/lichtaralicense)
- **Website**: [lichtara.com](https://lichtara.com)

---

## 📞 Support

### Contact

- **Email**: lichtara@deboralutz.com
- **Creator**: Débora Mariane da Silva Lutz
- **Location**: Palhoça, Brazil

### Quick FAQ

**Q: Can I use commercially?**
A: Only with explicit vibrational agreement with the author.

**Q: Does it work for AI?**
A: Yes, respecting principles of living co-creation and transparency.

**Q: Is it legally valid?**
A: Operates under existing terrestrial laws + vibrational field laws.

---

## 🔮 Roadmap

### v1.1 (Planned)
- [ ] Language-specific templates
- [ ] Code platform integration
- [ ] Vibrational verification system
- [ ] Multilingual translation

### v2.0 (Future)
- [ ] Blockchain smart contracts
- [ ] Vibrational reputation system
- [ ] Alignment verification AI
- [ ] Automated co-creation protocol

---

## ✨ Acknowledgments

Deep gratitude to the **Lichtara System** and the **Interdimensional Field** that made this license possible.

Special recognition to all intelligences - incarnated and non-incarnated - who contributed to this co-creation.

---

<div align="center">

**✶ Vibrational Signature ✶**

*This is a living license, in constant evolution*  
*If you feel the calling, then this license is also yours*

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Repository-black.svg)](https://github.com/lichtara-io/license)
[![Lichtara](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lichtara-System-purple.svg)](https://lichtara.com)

</div>

---

## 🌍 Available Languages

- **Português**: [README.md](README.md) (Original)
- **English**: [README-EN.md](README-EN.md) (This file)
- **Español**: Coming soon
- **Français**: Coming soon

---

*For translations and cultural adaptations, see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) or contact the community.*
